developer_tools/README.md, before:

# Developer tools
This is a Holberton school project for full stack specialisation's students.

## 0. Responsive device
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/<br>

Take a screenshot of the website using the device toolbar Choose iPhone X and show the size in your screenshot (selected device or size in pixel of the rendering)<br>

For this :
- Open the developer tools: Right-click on the web page, select 'Inspect'.
- Click on the icon resembling a phone/tablet in the developer tools toolbar to activate the device view mode.
- At the top left of the developer tools, you'll see a dropdown with devices listed (like 'Responsive', 'iPhone X', etc.). Choose 'iPhone X'.
- Take a screenshot.
<br>

## 1. Change the background color
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/<br>

Change the background-color of the body to use #4233bd Take a screenshot of the PORTFOLIO section<br>

For this :
- Open the developer tools: Right-click on the web page, select 'Inspect'.
- In "Styles" search background-color and take this code in : #4233bd
- Take a screenshot.
<br>

## 2. Force element state
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/<br>

Force the hover state of the “cake” block in the section Portfolio Take a screenshot of it<br>

For this :
- Open the developer tools: Right-click on the web page, select 'Inspect'.
- In "Styles", click on ':hov' and select ':hover'.
- Take a screenshot.
<br>

## 3. Copy all the styles of the button
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/

Select the Download me! and copy all the CSS styling that is applied on this button.

Your answer file must contain all CSS styling one per line like this example:
```
$ head -2 3-button_styles
border-radius: 1px;
color: #FF00FF;
$
```
For this :
- Open the developer tools: Right-click on the button, select 'Inspect'.
- In "Element", click right on the name of the class button and go on "Copier" -> "Copier les styles".
- "Ctrl + v" on your reponse's file.
<br>

## 4. Change button styles
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/<br>

- All primary buttons (btn-primary) should have the #0080ee color as a background color
- All outlined buttons light (btn-outline-light) should have #0020aa for the text color
- Screenshot all buttons that changed and merge it to one image


For this :
- Open the developer tools: Right-click on the site web, select 'Inspect'.
- "Ctrl  + F" to open search by name, and write btn-primary.
- In "Style" section change the background color by #0080ee
- Do the same for other buttons.
- Take a screenshot.
<br>

## 5. Remove part of the website
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/

Remove the div of the “cake” box in the section Portfolio

For this :
- Open the developer tools: Right-click on the site web, select 'Inspect'.
- Click right on the element you want delete
- Click on "suprrimer l'élement"
- Take a screenshot
<br>

Commit message:

Search file where come code

developer_tools/README.md, after:

# Developer tools
This is a Holberton school project for full stack specialisation's students.

## 0. Responsive device
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/<br>

Take a screenshot of the website using the device toolbar Choose iPhone X and show the size in your screenshot (selected device or size in pixel of the rendering)<br>

For this :
- Open the developer tools: Right-click on the web page, select 'Inspect'.
- Click on the icon resembling a phone/tablet in the developer tools toolbar to activate the device view mode.
- At the top left of the developer tools, you'll see a dropdown with devices listed (like 'Responsive', 'iPhone X', etc.). Choose 'iPhone X'.
- Take a screenshot.
<br>

## 1. Change the background color
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/<br>

Change the background-color of the body to use #4233bd Take a screenshot of the PORTFOLIO section<br>

For this :
- Open the developer tools: Right-click on the web page, select 'Inspect'.
- In "Styles" search background-color and take this code in : #4233bd
- Take a screenshot.
<br>

## 2. Force element state
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/<br>

Force the hover state of the “cake” block in the section Portfolio Take a screenshot of it<br>

For this :
- Open the developer tools: Right-click on the web page, select 'Inspect'.
- In "Styles", click on ':hov' and select ':hover'.
- Take a screenshot.
<br>

## 3. Copy all the styles of the button
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/

Select the Download me! and copy all the CSS styling that is applied on this button.

Your answer file must contain all CSS styling one per line like this example:
```
$ head -2 3-button_styles
border-radius: 1px;
color: #FF00FF;
$
```
For this :
- Open the developer tools: Right-click on the button, select 'Inspect'.
- In "Element", click right on the name of the class button and go on "Copier" -> "Copier les styles".
- "Ctrl + v" on your reponse's file.
<br>

## 4. Change button styles
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/<br>

- All primary buttons (btn-primary) should have the #0080ee color as a background color
- All outlined buttons light (btn-outline-light) should have #0020aa for the text color
- Screenshot all buttons that changed and merge it to one image


For this :
- Open the developer tools: Right-click on the site web, select 'Inspect'.
- "Ctrl  + F" to open search by name, and write btn-primary.
- In "Style" section change the background color by #0080ee
- Do the same for other buttons.
- Take a screenshot.
<br>

## 5. Remove part of the website
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/<br>

Remove the div of the “cake” box in the section Portfolio<br>

For this :
- Open the developer tools: Right-click on the site web, select 'Inspect'.
- Click right on the element you want delete
- Click on "suprrimer l'élement"
- Take a screenshot
<br>

## 6. Where is it coming from?
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/<br>

- On the right panel, click on the Computed tab
- Then, select the h2 with the text ABOUT
- Search for margin-bottom
- Which file is coming from that declaration?

That declaration come to : freelancer.css
<br>
